README.md, before:

# Text2Book - Convert Text to Minecraft Books

<img src='text2book.png' alt='text2book' width=200 /> 

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

Text2Book is a React-based web application that allows users to convert text into Minecraft books by generating commands for command blocks. This tool is designed to simplify the process of creating in-game books with custom content for Minecraft players and mapmakers. Instead of manually entering lengthy commands, Text2Book automates the process, making it quicker and more user-friendly.

## Features
- **Text Input**: Enter the desired text content directly into the application.
- **Command Generation**: Generate the necessary commands to create the Minecraft books with the desired content.
- **Copy to Clipboard**: Easily copy the generated commands to your clipboard for quick in-game implementation.

## How to Use

1. **Input Text**: On the main page, you will find a text input box where you can enter the content you want to appear in your Minecraft book.

2. **Generate Commands**: After entering desired content, click the "Generate" button. The application will process your input and generate the necessary commands to create the Minecraft book with the given content.

4. **Copy Commands**: Once the commands are generated, you will see them on the screen. Click the "Copy" button next to the commands to copy them to your clipboard.

5. **Implement in Minecraft**: Open your Minecraft world and access a command block. Paste the copied commands into the command block to create the Minecraft book. Activate the command block, and the book will be available in-game for players to read.

## Installation

To run Text2Book locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/thewilley/text2book.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd text2book`
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`

## Usage

To start the development server and use the application, run: `npm start`


This will launch the Text2Book application in your default web browser. You can now access it at `http://localhost:3000` and begin converting text into Minecraft books.

## License

Text2Book is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE), which allows you to use, modify, and distribute the code for personal and commercial purposes. However, it comes with no warranties or guarantees. If you use Text2Book, please provide attribution to the original repository and authors.

---

I hope you find Text2Book useful for creating custom Minecraft books! Enjoy your Minecraft adventures with personalized in-game books! If you have any questions or encounter any issues, feel free to reach out to me through the repository's issue tracker. Happy gaming!

Commit message:

docs: added link to page

README.md, after:

# Text2Book - Convert Text to Minecraft Books

<img src='text2book.png' alt='text2book' width=200 /> 

Go to the official page by clicking [this link](https://thewilley.github.io/text2book/)!

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [How to Use](#how-to-use)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

Text2Book is a React-based web application that allows users to convert text into Minecraft books by generating commands for command blocks. This tool is designed to simplify the process of creating in-game books with custom content for Minecraft players and mapmakers. Instead of manually entering lengthy commands, Text2Book automates the process, making it quicker and more user-friendly.

## Features
- **Text Input**: Enter the desired text content directly into the application.
- **Command Generation**: Generate the necessary commands to create the Minecraft books with the desired content.
- **Copy to Clipboard**: Easily copy the generated commands to your clipboard for quick in-game implementation.

## How to Use

1. **Input Text**: On the main page, you will find a text input box where you can enter the content you want to appear in your Minecraft book.

2. **Generate Commands**: After entering desired content, click the "Generate" button. The application will process your input and generate the necessary commands to create the Minecraft book with the given content.

4. **Copy Commands**: Once the commands are generated, you will see them on the screen. Click the "Copy" button next to the commands to copy them to your clipboard.

5. **Implement in Minecraft**: Open your Minecraft world and access a command block. Paste the copied commands into the command block to create the Minecraft book. Activate the command block, and the book will be available in-game for players to read.

## Installation

To run Text2Book locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/thewilley/text2book.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd text2book`
3. Install dependencies: `npm install`

## Usage

To start the development server and use the application, run: `npm start`


This will launch the Text2Book application in your default web browser. You can now access it at `http://localhost:3000` and begin converting text into Minecraft books.

## License

Text2Book is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE), which allows you to use, modify, and distribute the code for personal and commercial purposes. However, it comes with no warranties or guarantees. If you use Text2Book, please provide attribution to the original repository and authors.

---

I hope you find Text2Book useful for creating custom Minecraft books! Enjoy your Minecraft adventures with personalized in-game books! If you have any questions or encounter any issues, feel free to reach out to me through the repository's issue tracker. Happy gaming!
